c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.pdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer.apk
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer-Signed.apk
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.pdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\bin\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer.apk
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\menu\activity_main.xml
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\epub_list_item.xml
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\options_menu.xml
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\activity_main.xml
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\arthur\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.pdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer.apk
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer-Signed.apk
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.pdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\bin\Com.Dteviot.EpubViewer.apk
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\menu\activity_main.xml
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\epub_list_item.xml
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\options_menu.xml
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\res\layout\activity_main.xml
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.Export.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\obj\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
C:\Users\arthur\Source\Repos\Android-ePUB-reader-for-Xamarin\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin\bin\Debug\Android ePUB reader for Xamarin.dll.mdb
